This document exists to outline the folder structure of the engine. All folders will end in files (either .png, .json, 
.yaml, .cs) or sub folders, there will never be a mix of sub folders and files, in some occasions there might be 
multiple types of files within a sub folder however this is kept to minimum usage.

Assets:
The assets folder contains universal external files including art, music and the custom map files alongside a folder for 
third party licenses and a registry folder containing .json files to indicate all asset names and file locations.

Bootstrap:
The boot strap folder contains the inital program file that executes the program and starts running the engine.

Config:
Config folder has three sub folders, loaders contain static config managers that can load the config file and create 
instances of runtime config objects. Runtime contains the runtime object containers of the config. 
Finally the yaml sub folder contains all the yaml config files.

Database:
The database folder contains the .db file in the Schema sub folder, this .db file contains all the universal static 
elements of the game.
The core folder contains the database manager object, the database manager object loads data from the .db file. 
Finally the exceptions folder contain any exceptions that can occur from loading the SQL data.

Docs:
Docs contain documentation of the engine. The change logs folder contains any detailed information of changes that 
occured in each version of the engine. The engine standards sub folder contains any rules of the engine that I have 
tried to maintain (Such as coding standards). The info sub folder contains information about the more comnplex aspects 
of the engine.
Templates includes template for complex data such as scripts, enemy formations or actors. WIP contains our road map and 
any documentation for complex work in progress.

Engine:
Engine contains key aspects of the game that handle combining the backend and front end. It contains an asset manager, 
an input mapping system, a map manager, the game window, game context, scene controller and complex systems. Engine is 
a very large folder that acts as the controller of the game combining front and backend.

Game:
The game folder contains classes that hold data of any game objects. These include Battle, Entities, Items, Map and 
Party.
Core in the "Game" folder contains reused abstract classes that are inherited by multiple game elements. Entities 
contains sub folders for enemies, playable characters, skills and statuses (Anything else that affects entities should 
be placed here). Item subfolder also contains the equipment object.
The map sub folder is a large class containing not just the core map class but tiles, tile objects, path finding 
systems, actors and actor controllers.

Registry:
Registry is a folder that contains sub folders for all the game objects. The registry holds all instances of the games 
objects.

Save:
The save folder has folders related to save data, the serialization folder contains classes used to seralize and 
deseralize json data into data we can transform into game objects.
The Core folder contains the save manager the object that allows the engine to save and load dynamic data from the save 
files.
Finally the "save_data" folder contains sub folders for all the saves in the game, the json save files in the save files 
are covered in detail in the save_system.info.txt file.

Scenes:
Scenes contain the scenes of the game that have unique display and control settings that are not determined by UI 
objects. Base exists to provide base functionality for the scenes, Battle and map provide the scene objects for the 
battle and map state.

Sripts:
Scripts are logic pieces that execute performing specific steps one by one, a detailed explanation of scripts can be 
found in script_info.txt and templates can be found in script_templates.txt. Scripts have a base folder to provide base 
functionality to scripts and script steps. The conditional folder contains information relating to conditional script 
steps. Battle, map and universal script steps group scripts based on where they can be performed. Each grouping has a 
seperate sub folder to contain the script steps (Excluding universal script steps which are all steps).

States:
States are the backend logic of scenes, they contain the logic involved in button presses, and any functions executing. 
We have a folder for the base functionality of states, and a folder for the battle and map state.

UI:
UI is a large folder containing all UI components, states, the input controllers. Core contains core functionality that 
the UI adds, Component contains sub folders, one sub folder is "Components" which contains all the individual UI 
components, "Interfaces" which contains interfaces the components use and finally the core functionality of the 
components.
The "Input" subfolder contains the input controllers, tied to the engines input mappings.
The "States" subfolder contains all states that utilize the UI components, and tied input controllers.

Utils:
Utils contains utility classes or functions that can execute in various places such as exceptions or formulas.
