Currently the engine has some tightly coupled classes we will work on decoupling these.
Arrow points towards the dependency AKA A <-- B Means A is dependent to B.

Coupling can help us in some cases as it prevents for example loading scripts from json formats multiple times however
this can be resolved by loading all scripts and then storing them in our registry class effectively decoupling them.

Here is a list of all couples and a description of them:

(Remove!)
Abilities + Items <-- Scripts
Currently only implemented on Abilities, this should be changed to an int ID and have the scripts stored in our 
registry as suggested above.
By removing this we also remove databaseManager's dependency on scripts.

(Remove!)
Equipment <-- Item
Currently equipment has a linked Item, not an inventory item. This should similarly be changed to an ID and use the
item registry or a system to change to an item.
By removing this we remove the databaseManager's dependency on item registry 

(Remove!)
Actors <-- ActorInfo <-- ActorSprite
We can keep this as an int however Actor has functions that call references to it's actor info and to it's sprite.
One possibility is implementing Systems in the engine to perform these functions.

(Remove!)
Map <-- Party
Is this one still neccesary map state is a state base which always contains party?

(Implement the actor map idea!)
Map <-- Actor
Implement an actor map, in the map manager create an actor map at same time as map we can return a custom object
that holds both types of maps.

(Remove!)
Battle <-- Enemy + EnemyRegistry
Again use an ID have a system to load the enemies from registries, battles can be independent.

(Implement status instance and then keep in entity!)
Entity <-- Status
Implement status instance which has a status object and a turns passed. Change the status in entity to status instance.
No need to decouple.

(Remove!)
Entity <-- Ability + Skills (Also script)
We can change this to ints use a system to load from the registry.
We also have a function in entity that returns a script, we should really remove this again use a system.

(Remove!)
EntityElement <-- Skills + Abilities
We restrict access to skills and abilities from entity elements like equipment and statuses but this can be changed
to an int ID.

(Party should own playable characters and inventory items and move into custom systems so party
doesn't directly change these objects.)
Party <-- Items + PlayableCharacters
Create custom systems to fullfill the party functions such as adding items, changing party etc. Remove functions
from party object.

(Remove map manager depending on anything)
MapManager <-- Party + ActorInfoRegistry + TileObjectRegistry
Map manager shouldn't have a dependency on any object rather it should be the objects it creates job 

By decoupling we'll benefit in many ways:
- Testing individual classes becomes significantly easier
- Code doesen't require as much "using" or "importing" other classes.
- It follows SOLID principles each class has one purpose.
- Allows easier changes in future.
